An excellent way of maintaining
the spirituality of the family
is by spending quality time
together in the ministry.
We would now like to introduce you
to a family from Russia.
They traveled far away
to work together
in unassigned territory
in Siberia.
Their experience confirms
how spiritual activities
not only build up our faith
but can also bring our family
closer to each other.
We are traveling
to a very interesting territory.
It is on the shores
of Lake Baikal.
From where we live,
it is 600 kilometers.
We have so many memories
to take home.
The scenery is always stunning
in all types of weather.
Here there are beautiful cliffs
and valleys.
We cross
several mountain passes.
Then we go by ferry.
It felt very strange
being in the car while crossing the river.
When we have the opportunity,
we witness
to people
we meet on the way.
Why do sincere people
trust the Holy Scriptures?
Please have a look
at what it says here:
“All scripture is inspired of God.”
We usually serve
in isolated territory for a week or more.
We have come to the same place
where we were last year,
so we already know
a lot about it.
Living in a tent
is very different
from living in the city.
Here we don’t have
any conveniences,
like a toilet or a shower.
The only place to wash
is in Lake Baikal, which is freezing.
This simple life
is like an adventure.
As we have quite a big group
—there are 12 of us
—we have also organized
our spiritual routine.
We consider
the daily text together and take part
in discussing our publications
using the questions.
We have a friendly,
relaxed atmosphere.
Everybody enjoys it.
Our isolated territory,
where we are preaching,
is a rural area.
Here we don’t have
any prepared maps.
So when we have our meetings
for field service,
we divide up,
all taking different streets.
We also think
about what clothes to wear.
Experience has shown
that our clothes
can help us
to win over these people.
So we try to dress simply.
We don’t wear ties.
The people there are kind.
Sometimes they even invite us in.
We can have discussions
with some of them—sometimes long ones.
There you meet
more receptive people
than unresponsive ones,
and that really is encouraging.
It makes you just want
to keep on preaching
without stopping.
The trips have helped
our son make spiritual progress.
For us as his parents,
that is the greatest blessing.
For example,
after one of these trips,
he became an unbaptized publisher.
This territory is different
from what I am used to,
so I was worried.
I didn’t know
what sort of people lived there
or what their attitude
was toward Witnesses.
But after praying when knocking
on the first door, my fear disappeared.
I was able to place 270 tracts.
While we were witnessing,
we showed the people
the addresses in our publications
so that they could write
if they found
what they had read interesting.
We usually start witnessing
about 12 noon, and we finish
around 5:00 p.m.
Then the relaxation part
of our day begins.
We have a campfire,
some games,
some music, and fun.
Early in the day,
we used our energy in the ministry,
and afterward we were able
to relax and enjoy each other’s company.
So we combine
both our ministry and relaxation.
One of the delights
of these trips is the fish
—the famous Baikal omul.
These trips really strengthen
the unity in our family.
We really have
drawn closer together.
It is invigorating
and enriches us spiritually.
We experience
pure joy from knowing
that Jehovah
has blessed our efforts.
We feel like we have our batteries
charged for the entire year.
It is very encouraging to see
such a spiritually focused family.
And did you notice
that it was after one such trip
that their son
became an unbaptized publisher?
I’m sure that brought
much joy to his parents.
Are you interested
in a preaching assignment
in territory seldom worked?
If so, form a group
of no more than 20 publishers
and ask the elders
in your congregation for further instructions
and an Application
for Territory Seldom Worked.
Once you have filled out the form,
the Congregation Service Committee
will review it and submit it
to your local branch.